this video is brought to you by
Squarespace my go-to for making websites
more on this in a bit so have you guys
ever wondered what Japanese people are
really thinking well in this video I
wanted to share with you guys some of
the things that they never tell you but
they're actually thinking it's out of
their head so I've been in Japan for
more than 15 years and I'm going to be
sharing with you some of the stuff that
I've learned all along the way
in general Japanese people like to
follow the rules so when others break
those rules it's very frustrating for
them on top of that Japanese people
don't like interacting with strangers so
they'll try to avoid speaking out at all
costs and the reason why I know this is
because I've actually made a lot of
these mistakes myself when you do come
to a different country you want to be as
respectful as possible but it's just
hard because a lot of the times Japanese
don't tell you that you're pissing them
off but just keep in mind that I'm
generalizing thing is not everyone is
like this in Japan these are some of the
guidelines to help you guys understand
what Japanese people are thinking and so
maybe you don't piss them off when you
come to Japan number one not wearing
masks in public when you're sick if you
ever come to Japan or I've watched
Japanese videos or any of my videos for
that matter you'll notice that a lot of
people are wearing masks getting on
airplanes or sometimes whether they're
just on the train so what a lot of
people think is that Japanese people are
scared of getting sick and so they wear
the masks to protect themselves from
other people transferring any viruses or
any sicknesses to them that's actually
partly true but the other side of it is
they're trying to protect other people
when Japanese people get sick they don't
want to transfer what they've caught or
their illness to someone else
so that wear a mask to protect other
people so it actually pisses them off is
that when someone else is sick and
they're not wearing a mask is a common
courtesy Japanese people expect others
when they're sick to wear a mask so if
you ever in Japan and you do get sick it
would probably be good to wear a mask
number two squatting in public if you
ever been walking the streets in Japan
especially Tokyo you probably rarely see
Japanese people squatting the reason for
this is when Japanese people see someone
squatting they actually think that this
person is poorly brought up one thing
that I kind of see personally in Tokyo
I'm especially with tourists is I'll go
to a department store and I'll just see
them like sitting against the pillar or
sitting like actually on the ground in
the department store or maybe they're
sitting on some stairs this is actually
the same thing as squatting in public
Japanese kind of view that as behaving
poorly so the thing is in Japan
department stores are considered
luxuries so it's kind of weird for
Japanese people to see someone squatting
when they're trying to like get that
luxury experience it's kind of like
seeing someone picking their nose right
next to the Chanel shop or like the
Gucci shop so if you do feel it hard
then definitely find the scene I know
Tokyo is a bit hard especially because
there's not a lot of places to sit you
can definitely try to find a seat for
what Japanese people will do is they'll
find a cafe and they'll sit there number
three blocking traffic now this kind of
goes hand in hand with like sitting in
department stores or squatting in public
basically you're making a nuisance of
yourself when you're blocking traffic so
for example you'll be walking on the
street and you'll just see like a group
of tourists just standing in the walkway
and not letting people pass by that just
like really pisses people off because a
lot of people are trying to get from A
to B and you're just like getting in
their way and you're not kind of
considering others not to say that all
foreigners or tourists do this but
Japanese people will do it too but as
you get kind of older you realize to be
more courteous of others and you try not
to get in other people's way so if
possible if you need to stop don't stop
in traffic try to go off to the side
where you're not actually getting in
people's way number four expecting
places like food stalls to accept credit
cards and now we've gone over this so
many times in my other videos that Japan
is still very much a cash based society
if you're buying street food probably
not expect them to accept a credit card
it because it's just kind of common
sense common knowledge that these places
don't accept credit card and they will
get kind of like annoyed it's kind of
like why are you asking me to take
credit card when you know this place
these shops don't take credit cards
because at the end of the day it just
makes you look like you don't have any
common sense all right so it just
started to rain so I needed to find some
cover and what better way to do it and
here let's continue on number five
tourist trap spots now this one again
maybe doesn't piss Japanese off per se
it is kind of embarrassing to go and eat
at these kind of places because it's
just a so much food that Japan has to
offer when foreigners go to these like
very very tourist trap places and eat
it's kind of like are you kind of missed
out thing is I've actually gone to a lot
of these like tourist trap places myself
just not knowing better and I kind of
wanted to give you some pointers on
what's a tourist trap spot and what is
not this usually applies to for example
like izakayas Japanese drinking
restaurants so the ideal for a good
Japanese restaurant would be a place
like this that keeps it simple with
minimal signage what you'll find instead
with like a lot of tourist trap places
is not only will they have their sign it
may be in English but they'll also have
a signboard with pictures and not only
Japanese but it also has English on the
menu you're kind of like oh so they are
like catering to a foreign market one of
the biggest giveaways for this is not
only DC English but you see like Chinese
and Korean you see like three different
languages on the menu you might want to
step back a little bit because this
could be a tourist trap spot well one
thing though this kind of goes against
what I was saying like for example if
you go to ramen shops nowadays there's
ramen shops they get really really
popular and they have a lot of
foreigners coming to it just to make the
experience a little bit easier for both
parties they just added the English to
the menu but originally they didn't have
it so it's not like they were initially
trying to like get foreigners to come
it's just foreigner started coming so
they had to kind of adapt and add an
English menu oh and this is probably the
biggest giveaway out of all of it if you
ever hear one of those like aggressive
shamisen
music playing in the front of his door
you should probably run because they're
like trying to attract tourists like he
would not believe but in the day if you
want to come to Japan and you just feel
comfortable eating at these like tourist
chop spots then yeah that's fine but if
you want to come to Japan and you want
to kind of experience like authentic
Japanese cuisine I would say just like
try to stay away from these places all
right so before I continue I wanted to
just give a quick shout out to
Squarespace thank you so much for
sponsoring this video and in fact I've
been using Squarespace for I think like
more than seven years now and when I
started this channel we built out Tokyo
zebra coms and at that time I asked
Michael to take over the site and she
had no problems it was the first time
she ever built and managed a web site
and I didn't even have to tell her how
to use it it's that easy to use and as
you can see if you look at our site you
can build a pretty cool web site with
like minimal effort and minimal know how
really Squarespace is the perfect
solution for your online presence so
definitely go check out squarespace.com
for your free trial when you're ready to
launch
go to Squarespace calm up or slash Paulo
from Tokyo to save 10% off your first
purchase of your domain or your website
number 6 eating with it off hand
underneath the table so this one was
like really weird to me because what I
didn't know this until after coming to
Japan and
back to be honest with you I still do it
sometimes the way you're supposed to eat
in Japan is you're supposed to just have
some dominant hand you're eating with
your chopsticks and you have maybe happy
a rice bowl on the other hand and you're
just like you're just like eating like
this but but sometimes if you know you
don't have the ball in your hand and
you're just eating on the table like I
sometimes take my off hand and I put it
underneath the table or like just on my
lap and I heat with just one hand but
apparently this is just kind of bad
manners in Japan this is something that
Japanese kids grow up with where their
parents like telling them to always show
their other hand because I think just in
general people like to put their off
hand underneath the table or on their
lap where they eat I don't know if this
is a thing in your country but it
definitely is something here in Japan so
when you eat and you want to have kind
of good manners then you should leave or
you should show your off hand the entire
time just like put it on the table and
finally before we get out of this place
number seven not cleaning up after you
eat so cleanliness is kind of one of
those pet peeves that Japanese people
have they like to keep everything clean
you know in general so when you're
eating in a public place it's always
like kind of proper manner just to clean
up how to yourself while you're eating
and especially after you eat maybe in
other countries you expect the waiter or
the waitress to clean up after your
eating so you can like leave all of your
crumbs on the table you can leave you
know your french fries or your noodles
it's just like spilled on the table it's
okay just to leave the table like that
but in fact in Japan it's a common
courtesy to actually gather all of the
napkins of like the loose items and put
it all in the bowler in the center or
the plate and then if there's any like
spots on the table just to like wipe it
down with a napkin make it kind of tidy
because in Japan no one wants to have
like a really messy table even after
they leave is that an international
thing or is that a just just a Japanese
thing all right so that's enough about
food let's move on to the next one
number eight making people wait this one
actually pisses a lot of Japanese off so
in general I think Japanese people are
very punctual and that's just because
they're being considerate
of others they don't want to make other
people wait so when there's twisting
meet someone say for example for work
then they'll usually arrive 5 to 10
minutes early on site they'll probably
like go up a minute or two before going
to the front desk and check them
themselves in it's just like it's one of
those things being considerate is
probably on the priority in like
thinking of others so the fact that
you're late meaning you're wasting other
people's time and Japanese people don't
like to waste time and in fact they hate
it when someone else wastes their time
in fact it's I've been here so long it
kind of pisses me off to be honest when
people that I have a meeting with are
late I'll actually set up a lot of
international calls like on skype or
whatever people overseas are always like
5 10 15 minutes later that email me to
the floor sorry got stuck in a different
meeting and I think it's almost like
common practice to be late when you're
setting up a meeting but me being in
Japan and working in I know a
japanese-style environment for so many
years I've just got accustomed to being
on time or if not early to all of my
meeting so if you ever come to Japan and
you're meeting up with a Japanese friend
you have dinner reservations or just
meeting someone for for business or for
pleasure you want to be on time if not
early so definitely keep that in mind
when setting up your meetings but there
is one caveat to this so as people get
more comfortable with each other than I
wouldn't say it's accepted to be late
but it's more forgiving and it's not as
big of a thing when compared to if you
are acquaintances or if you were a
business meeting at the end of the day
is just being considered and none that
don't understand why that's so hard for
some people maybe it pisses me off with
him Japanese people number nine talking
to someone in line so again this one is
another thing that kind of surprised me
kind of one of those reverse culture
shocks when I went in the States
I was just waiting in line at the
supermarket and all of a sudden someone
behind me just started talking to me
asking me about the weather or the
sports theme or something like that I
was completely shocked I think it's
because I've been in Tokyo so long that
people here in Tokyo at least they don't
appreciate it when a random person it
just approaches them especially if
they're just doing their like
normal daily tasks like going to the
convenience store to buy something it
catches a lot of people off-guard and it
kind of just makes people uncomfortable
I know there's like there's people out
there that like to talk to people but if
you want to kind of respect that
people's boundaries and their spaces
then you might not want to just like
come up and start talking to them so I
think the exception to this is if you do
have a reason to talk to someone so for
example you are lost and you need like
directions then you can like say soon
less and excuse me and then ask for the
directions I think this is probably more
mainly to do with the city because
there's just so many people there's so
many like interactions that could
potentially happen that you don't want
to like continue to get bombarded with
people so people are kind of in their
own zone in the city maybe if you were
to go out in the countryside it's less
likely people have the guard down more
so so in fact they may actually
appreciate you're talking to them don't
take this as like all of Japan is like
this but maybe like in the city areas
where people are just more closed off
then you might make them feel
uncomfortable and finally number 10
talking way too loud
now I see this all the time when you're
on the train when you're on the bus
you're in a restaurant and people are
just talking so loud that it interrupts
you what's it's kind of off-putting and
it actually pisses a lot of Japanese off
I've heard my Japanese friends comment
about it it's just something that people
kind of like get really turned off by
because people do like their personal
space and someone like a group of people
are talking way too loud conscious being
inconsiderate about their surroundings
then it just kind of like pisses people
off it just scene says that you don't
really care about the other people
around you and I mean if you're just
like talking normal it's not a big deal
but I will say that it's not like I
don't hear Japanese people do this I
mean like you'll probably sometimes be
on a late train and people are like
talking loudly because everyone's drunk
on the train or you'll go to maybe like
a festival and people are talking about
but just like in normal everyday daytime
scenarios people like try to keep their
voice down so they don't bother other
people so if you are walking around and
you don't want to piss people off then
just like keep your volume - as my
grammar school teacher used to say keep
your 12-inch voices no one's made more
than 12 inches 1-yard voice because in
the States so yeah those are my top ten
things I don't know if this video gets
really popular maybe it gets like 10,000
likes or it gets a few hundred thousand
views and maybe we'll do another one so
definitely hit that like button let me
know that you like this video if you
want to see another one or else if you
want to see what I'm doing on the daily
then check out my Instagram account if
you want to support the channel then
check out my Shibuya merch yeah if you
want to see my other Japan guides or my
D in their lives or anything like that
hit that subscribe button and the Bell
button and I'll catch you guys in the
next one